Adds 3 kb articles for Python Hello World (#1759)
temporalio/documentation: kb/python-hello-world-activity.md

async def compose_greeting(input: ComposeGreetingInput) -> str:
    activity.logger.info("Running activity with parameter %s" % input)
    return f"{input.greeting}, {input.name}!"
```

## Workflow Definition

Workflow Definition are classes and are marked with a decorator, `@workflow.defn`. The Workflow must be defined on the class given to the Worker and the Workflow Type, or Workflow name, can be customized with a `name` parameter inside the decorator.

The method invoked for the Workflow is decorated with `@workflow.run`. Exactly one method name must have this decorator and must be defined on an `async def` method. The method’s arguments are the Workflow’s arguments, which in this example takes: the Activity name, an object or data class, and a Start to Close Timeout.

```python
@workflow.defn
class GreetingWorkflow:
    @workflow.run
    async def run(self, name: str) -> str:
        workflow.logger.info("Running workflow with parameter %s" % name)
        return await workflow.execute_activity(
            compose_greeting,
            ComposeGreetingInput("Hello", name),
            start_to_close_timeout=timedelta(seconds=10),
        )
```

## Invoke the Client

> ### Start Client
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Clients don’t have explicit close statements. The Client pass two arguments in this example, a target host and a namespace. Since we are running this locally, we use `[localhost:7233](http://localhost:7233)` which is the location that Temporalite is running on.

```python
async def main():
    client = await Client.connect("localhost:7233", namespace="default")
```

## Invoke the Worker

> ### Start the Worker
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The Worker Program defines the `client`, `task_queue`, `workflows`, and `activities`.

> A Worker Entity listens and polls on a single Task Queue. A Worker Entity contains both a Workflow Worker and an Activity Worker so that it may make progress of either a Workflow Execution or an Activity Execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Worker Entity listens and polls on a single Task Queue.
A Worker Entity contains both a Workflow Worker and an Activity Worker so that it can make progress of either a Workflow Execution or an Activity Execution.
```

```python
async with Worker(
        client,
        task_queue="hello-activity-task-queue",
        workflows=[GreetingWorkflow],
        activities=[compose_greeting],
    ):
```

## Invoke the Workflow

Now use the Client to run the Workflow and return its results in a `print()` function.

```python
result = await client.execute_workflow(
    GreetingWorkflow.run,
    "World",
    id="hello-activity-workflow-id",
    task_queue="hello-activity-task-queue",
)
        print(f"Result: {result}")
```

:::note

> In a production set up, it is recommended to separate the Client process from the Worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a production setup, we recommend that you separate the Client process from the Worker.
```

:::

## Execute the application

Execute the application to return its results.

```python
python hello_activity.py
```

## Results

You have successfully returned the results of the Workflow, by connecting to a Client and executing an Activity from a Workflow.

```python
Result: Hello, World!
```

Go to [http://127.0.0.1:8233/](http://127.0.0.1:8233/) to see the results of the Workflow.

> Here, you’ll see the Workflow ID as `hello-activity-workflow-id`, the Type as `GreetingWorkflow`, and the start and end time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, you’ll see the Workflow Id as `hello-activity-workflow-id`, the Type as `GreetingWorkflow`, and the start and end times.
```

> Select the Workflow ID to see more information, such as the Run ID and State Transitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the Workflow Id to see more information, such as the Run Id and state transitions.
```

---
slug: python-hello-world-activity
title: Python Hello World Activity
tags:
  - kb-article
date: 2022-11-02T00:10:00Z
---

Welcome to a Hello World tutorial on Temporal with the Python SDK.

<!-- truncate -->

This is the first of a few Hello World tutorials with Python that focus on Temporal specific concepts.

- [Activity Retry](/kb/python-hello-world-activity-retry)

> - [Query](/kb/python-hell-world-query)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Query](/kb/python-hello-world-query)
```
